docs: bump docker lnd dev and testing version (#5371)
lightningnetwork/lnd: docs/DOCKER.md

## LND Development and Testing

To test the Docker production image locally, run the following from the project root:

```shell
⛰  docker build . -t myrepository/lnd:master
```

> To choose a specific [branch](https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd/tags) or [tag](https://hub.docker.com/r/lightninglabs/lnd/tags?page=1&ordering=last_updated) instead, use the "checkout" build-arg.  For example, to build the latest commits in master:

Reviewer: Branches are separate from tags, so that link should point to https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd/branches instead?

> To choose a specific [branch](https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd/branches) or [tag](https://hub.docker.com/r/lightninglabs/lnd/tags?page=1&ordering=last_updated) instead, use the "checkout" build-arg.  For example, to build the latest commits in master:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To choose a specific [branch](https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd/branches) or [tag](https://hub.docker.com/r/lightninglabs/lnd/tags?page=1&ordering=last_updated) instead, use the "checkout" build-arg. For example, to build the latest tagged commit:
```

```shell

> ⛰  docker build . --build-arg checkout=v0.13.0-beta.rc5 -t myrepository/lnd:v0.13.0-beta.rc5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⛰  docker build . --build-arg checkout=v0.13.0-beta -t myrepository/lnd:v0.13.0-beta
```
